
Potha

Transforming travels-
Transforming Travels was founded with a vision to offer travel experiences that leave an overall positive impact on the guests and the host communities. We believe that travel is a very strong emotion. We often say travel to love, travel to celebrate, travel to forget, travel to overcome or travel to think. Travel is a powerful tool to overcome our negative sentiments and transform us into a fearless, optimistic, joyful, patient and a grateful person.

Travel is an experiential encyclopedia. If we open up to the places, they give us an opportunity to learn about new geographies, cultures, and cuisines by living them. It enhances our horizon of thinking, giving us a new perspective towards the old things.

While we are gaining so much on our journeys, we believe in sharing a part of that gain with our host communities too, in whatever small ways we can. We engage with locals at destinations by staying in their house, celebrating a festival or taking a cooking class from them. We, Transforming Travels, are a strong supporter of uplifting communities with the help of tourism.

Transforming Travels makes you as close and personal to the destinations as possible. We share a friend like a relationship with the places we visit giving and taking for mutual benefit with utmost love and respect.

Tourbar-
Many people who desire to travel around the world and see breathtaking places don’t have a suitable travel companion. And not everyone can make an announcement “travel buddy wanted” via social networks.

Most likely your perfect travel buddy and even destiny are not among your old internet friends. And this is the main reason to start looking for a travel buddy on the special project. At first pick and post your best photos, decide where you want to go and what do you plan to visit, write all hobbies, interests and plans in your personal profile and start an exciting race of making new friends all around our planet.

Pay attention to people’s plans and habits. For example, if a person writes in a profile that he prefers energetic lifestyle with tons of activities and you enjoy calm and quite sightseeing – probably you won’t make a good match even if other interests are similar. If you two are early birds – that’s great, if not it could do you wrong. Imagine the situation when your buddy is a night owl and doesn’t give you a chance to rest.

So try to write a list of what you prefer while traveling. Do you like organized or spontaneous trips? Riding a car or hiking miles? Dining at home or tasting foreign cuisine? And you can also mention on what side of the bed you sleep. Make a funny note - travel buddy with left bedside preference wanted. Fortunately, your perfect travel buddy will appreciate this tiny joke. And don’t forget that sense of humor is one of the most important things in any relationship.

Moto - Go on a trip – enjoy life!

Want to have an unforgettable journey to the most beautiful and unusual places? Find co-travelers and plan a trip together. Our service will help you – only smart, attractive and interesting users.

Tips when you go on a trip

If you want to make your trip more special and unique, and when you can’t spend lots of money, follow these tips. Use hostels instead of hotels and apartments. Of course it won’t be a luxury trip but you will get the opportunity to meet more interesting people.

Eat streetfood or buy products in supermarkets. Every country has its culture of streetfood. You can try different dishes and enjoy them in a beautiful green park. Don’t pay a fortune to travel guides, find locals and they will show you all secret places.

Excursions and entertainment also cost a lot, but you can visit street concerts, local parties and check when the entrance to museums is free of charge. 
Go on a trip and bring happy memories back along with thousands of pictures!

Find travel buddies and new friends all over the world! Find a buddy that fits you most of all and your trip will turn into an unforgettable and extraordinary adventure!

Various ways to find the right buddy to travel around the world:
How do you think – is it possible to organize an ideal trip without a sociable and interesting companion?
Broad-minded people help us see life with their eyes, and the world you know can look so amazing and unpredictable with the right person. Nowadays there are thousands of spots where you can find attractive and friendly travel buddies.
Try meeting people at your work or in a gym, while studying or shopping. Though there is an obvious disadvantage in these simple ways of searching for a travel buddy. And it is that you should interact with people even if you have already understood they don’t really interest you.
You will agree sometimes it is quite complicated to stop a dull meeting and it is impolite just to go away. That’s why the internet is a comfortable and safe place where you can find a buddy for a mutual trip. Meeting on-line is easy and fun!

Just imagine traveling with a buddy that fits you perfectly

Your morning will begin how you love it to begin. Coffee with the right amount of sugar in your cup in a beautiful and perfectly furnished apartment.Then a tasty breakfast in a cozy café with a view on busy roads of a big city center.
What is your plan for today? Visiting exciting sights, taking a hundred pictures, walking tens of kilometers, having the time of your life? But your stunning travel buddy will support your brave or crazy dreams because it’s you, who choose this person! And it’s not a fairytale, everything is possible with few simple steps.
Make an extended profile with your favorite photos and main interests, check other people’s profiles, chat with those who you really like, this is how you find an excellent travel buddy.

So how do we verify our users?

We offer three different comprehensive verification processes, providing the safest way to meet a great new travel companion.

First, we offer a photo verification service. Users take a picture of themselves holding a piece of paper with "TourBar" on it, so that your photos are matched up with your profile photos. This image is kept private.

Then, we require that users send in a copy of a photo ID, such as a passport or driver's license, to verify their name, age and identity. Finally, by providing a mobile phone number, we send you a verification code and have accurate contact information for each person.

Of course, when you take the time to become a verified user yourself, you'll also enjoy other great benefits. You'll show higher up in lists and searches, and other users will be more confident and comfortable in selecting you as a potential travel companion. If you’re serious about meeting new people, traveling to new places and experiencing new things we highly recommend becoming a verified user.

With a 3-step verification process, TourBar stands apart as a leading international dating site, and a safe way to meet a new travel partner. Get started today!

















